So far so good.
We have headings covered and now we can move on to paragraph.
Now before we start covering paragraph elements let me just quickly correct myself.
I believe in the last video I said HDMI components and components we haven't react in HD the amount
we have is they have elements.
So what I meant was heading elements not adding components.
So I would like to correct that first and second I would like to show you that starting from the last
video whenever we're going to do any kind of coding in the video there's gonna be resources for it.
So as you're watching maybe you start to understand something you can always go underneath the resources
of the video and you can just download this.
Now obviously in the download what you're going to have is the same exact thing we're doing in the video.
So it's not like I'm gonna send you some kind of black magic wall here.
This is gonna be the same information we already covered as you can see this is gonna be a zip file.
Now I already automatically open up the zip file and I'm gonna have my index file.
Now I don't think I need to go as far as opening the next session email to show you that this would
be same exact thing.
Now for a project it might be a little bit different because already previously for the previous projects
you noticed that underneath the setup video we had the whole zip file where it was the starter files
as well as the finished project.
Now as I'm rerecording the course I might add a again folder for each and every video that we're doing
that might be something that I'll do not because I wouldn't want to do it but unfortunately I have a
pretty bad memory so I might forget but I hopefully I'll gonna try to remember.
So the same would go for the projects as well.
But in general for sure I'm going to try to do that with tutorials so everything that we covered in
the last video it should be accessible for you in resources.
OK enough of talking about again about everything else but the actual the email.
And now let's get rid of all the tags since you can have always access them in the actual resources
and let's say what we would need for a paragraph.
Now for the paragraph this is gonna be very straightforward.
We have P so that wouldn't be a letter P which would reflect a paragraph on it.
And again same old spiel same old shrink syntax opening Clegg door closing tag.
And here we can write whatever a novel if we'd like to do it now again like I said you can still do
it in a and the actual heading but probably paragraph is where you're going to put your content.
So here I can just say I don't know some kind of content and I can just keep on typing and as you can
see since we have the nice word break everything is formatted really nicely and we can just save it.
And this is going to be my paragraph.
However if we're going to head over to the browser in a bigger browser window and let's say I'm going
to type 1 27 because that is where the local development server or live development server is going
to serve up my next patient email notice that everything is set incorrectly like it should.
But again here as well I have the zoom or two hundred and again just so we can see better everything
that we're doing but in the essence that would be about the paragraph.
Again it is very straightforward.
We wouldn't just need paragraph tags and whatever text is going to be sitting within this text is gonna
be displayed as paragraph.